COMDOX-1722: Ai docs section (#933)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/ai/dropins-mcp.mdx

import Link from '@components/Link.astro';
import { Tabs, TabItem, Steps, Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

If you use Cursor, VS Code, or Claude on a Commerce storefront project, you can connect the Dropins MCP server so your assistant checks source-backed drop-in details while it works.

The Dropins MCP is a <Link href="https://modelcontextprotocol.io" text="Model Context Protocol" /> (MCP) server. Your editor requests it when it needs current facts about Adobe Commerce drop-in components. The server reads an index built from drop-in source code so slots, events, containers, and API functions remain consistent with the versions in your project.

Once you connect it, your assistant can answer questions like _"What slots does CartSummaryList have?"_, create a new block with the correct imports, flag renamed or removed APIs in your code, and generate event handlers and slot code that match the real APIs.

## What you get

Use the Dropins MCP server when your task depends on exact drop-in details. It helps your agent:

- Look up slots, events, containers, API functions, and design tokens before writing code.
- Avoid stale imports, removed APIs, and guessed event names.

> - Generate drop-in customizations that match the source-backed API details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look up slots, events, containers, API functions, and design tokens before writing code.
- Avoid outdated imports, removed APIs, and incorrect event names.
- Generate drop-in customizations that align with the source-backed API definitions.
```
